Success! You've managed to infiltrate Commander Lambda's evil organization, and finally earned yourself an entry-level position as a Minion on her space station. From here, you just might be able to subvert her plans to use the LAMBCHOP doomsday device to destroy Bunny Planet. Problem is, Minions are the lowest of the low in the Lambda hierarchy. Better buck up and get working, or you'll never make it to the top...

Next time Bunny HQ needs someone to infiltrate a space station to rescue prisoners, you're going to tell them to make sure 'stay up for 48 hours straight scrubbing toilets' is part of the job description. It's only fair to warn people, after all.

You survived a week in Commander Lambda's organization, and you even managed to get yourself promoted. Hooray! Henchmen still don't have the kind of security access you'll need to take down Commander Lambda, though, so you'd better keep working. Chop chop!

Rumor has it the prison guards are inexplicably fond of bananas. You're an apple person yourself, but you file the information away for future reference. You never know when you might need to bribe a guard (or three)...

The perks are definitely better as a Henchman than as a Minion. You're even allowed to sleep lying down!

Awesome! Commander Lambda was so impressed by your efforts that she's made you her personal assistant. You'll be helping her directly with her work, which means you'll have access to all of her files-including the ones on the LAMBCHOP doomsday device. This is the chance you've been waiting for. Can you use your new access to finally topple Commander Lambda's evil empire?

One of these days you're going to manage to glimpse Commander Lambda's password over her shoulder. But she's very careful about security, and you haven't managed it yet...

As Commander Lambda's personal assistant, you get to deal with all of the paperwork involved in running a space station big enough to house the LAMBCHOP. And you thought Bunny HQ had too much bureaucracy...
